(BORUTO) Where am I?
Boruto!
(BORUTO) Sarada...?
You're awake!
[gasp]
[roar]
Wait, why isn't Dad attacking?
Naruto could easily obliterate
that thing if he wanted to.
But it would take out everything
around him in the process.
(BORUTO) To protect everyone...!
Dad, no!
Where's my dad?
Uh... Lord Seventh... protected
all of us... He...
(HIMAWARI) Mommy!
Hm?
Himawari!
(SAKURA) Hang in there, Hinata!
[gasp]
(HIMAWARI) It's me! Can you hear
me?
[heavy breathing] Mom!
Big Brother!
Are you okay, Boruto?
I'm totally fine! But what
happened to Mom?
She'll be fine. It's okay.
(BORUTO) What happened, Mom?!
How'd you get hurt?!
She charged right in after
him...
[gasp]
Why?! That's crazy!
Your dad had collapsed, and they
were going to take him away,
so...
She tried to get Naruto back...
[quivered breath]
[crying]
[gasp]
So what happened to dad?
To protect everybody else in the
village, he took the brunt of
the enemy's attack.
You remember what Naruto always
said, right?
He believed that it was his duty
to protect everyone in the
village, no matter what.
[groan] Where's everyone else?
Mitsuki is still in critical
condition...
In the midst of all that
chaos... I guess they stole his
chakra...
Shizune and her team are
treating him. They haven't left
his side.
And everybody else is just
fine... all thanks to Lord
Seventh...
Oh, I see...
Boruto...
[groans and chattering]
Hm! Boruto!
Oh, thank goodness! You're
actually okay!
We were all so worried!
Oh, thanks... Uh, I'm totally
fine.
I think Lord Hokage is, too.
Yeah... [gasp]
[groans and chattering]
[quivered breaths]
What happened to everyone?
They ended up getting caught in
that last explosion...
But luckily their injuries
aren't very serious.
And that's all thanks to Lord
Hokage. It's a miracle things
weren't any worse!
[quivered breaths]
Huh?!
Hey, Boruto!
Hmmm... There aren't enough
hospital rooms. So we're gonna
need to-
You think it's okay to let him
go off alone?
Well, I wonder what's gonna
happen now...
Whattya mean?
Back when Boruto defeated you in
your match, frankly, I was
amazed.
But who knew he was using a
forbidden Scientific Ninja Tool?
[grunt] So heavy!
Ughhh... Anyway, they totally
messed up our Chunin Exams.
They'll probably have to do it
over, huh?
Yeah, who knows...?
Although, if I get to battle
that super handsome guy again...
I guess it wouldn't be all that
bad!
Is that really all you can think
about right now? That's pretty
shallow, you know!
You mean what happened to Lord
Hokage?
I guess that I just have faith
that someone like Lord Hokage
wouldn't ever let guys like...
that beat him!
Am I right, Shikadai?
Uh huh. Yeah, you're right.
[groans and chattering]
[heavy breathing]
[laughing]
I'm amazed that you endured this
long! [chewing and swallowing]
[laughing] After this, it's
over!
Let's do it, Kurama! You'd
better not be out of shape now.
Ha! Don't be foolish! I'm always
ready to go!
Right!
Hahhhhh!
Damn it!
[pained grunt and groan]
[pained groans]
Ugh, man...
Uh... [grunt]
[chuckle] Like I told you! I'm
gonna show everyone the results
of my training!
You just watch...
I'll definitely show you what I
can do in the second round!
No matter what, I'm gonna make
sure you acknowledge me!
Do not lose to Shikadai!
Uh...
[chuckle] Like I'd lose!
Huh?
[inhale]
I'll be watching.
[chuckles] Huh?
Dad, did you see me?!
I actually won!
[nervous breath]
[nervous groan]
Well, explain yourself. Go on.
I just wanted Dad to acknowledge
me... and to treat me like I'd
come into my own...
But in the end... it turned
out...
...to be the exact opposite!
[nervous groans]
[nervous breath]
Are you done?
I couldn't do a thing. Not a
single thing...
[angered breaths] Damn it!
[grunt]
(NARUTO) You're no longer a
ninja either...
He's completely right, ya
know...
[groggy groans and gasp]
Mommy!
Oh, thank goodness!
Naruto... Where is Naruto now?
[sighs]
[sighed groan]
(SASUKE) Don't worry.
[gasps]
Naruto's okay.
[sighs of relief]
Leave the rest to me. I'll
handle it.
[gasp] Maybe Dad is--!
[gasp]
Of course he isn't here...
That's Grandpa's photograph,
it's up on the wall here.
Boruto! Boruto!
Just let me go, Mom!
I'm gonna go over there and beat
that loser up!
Boruto! Your father has to work
very hard for the people of the
village.
And what about us, huh?! Aren't
we part of the village, too?!
When you're Hokage, it's okay to
just ignore your family?!
Look, I understand, but it
doesn't mean that your father's
forgotten about you two!
I've heard that lame excuse so
many times that I've lost count!
Enough, already! I'm just so
sick and tired of it!
Boruto...
(BORUTO) And, when Dad was a
kid, Grandpa Hokage wasn't
even alive!
So I guess Dad's just lucky that
he never had to experience the
"joy" of having a parent around!
It's no wonder he doesn't care!
(HINATA) Boruto!
Why does my dad have to be the
Hokage?!
He just sits there at his desk
all day, acting bossy!
Literally anybody at all could
do that job!
I know...
...that it's really hard not
having your father around on
important days.
[sigh]
But still, it's different with
you.
You still have a father who's
actually here.
Man, I am so... uncool.
Hm?
(SAKURA) You remember what
Naruto always said, right?
He believed that it was his duty
to protect everyone in the
village, no matter what.
I just... I just didn't really
get it 'til now. [chuckle]
[grunt] This is so uncool.
No, it's me... I'm uncool.
(SASUKE) You got that right.
What? Sasuke?!
At the Exams, everyone scorned
you.
You were stripped of your
headband and can't even call
yourself a shinobi right now.
On top of that, your father's
gone.
Frankly...
Without the sister who adores
you and the mother who worries
so much about you...
...you'd be just like how Naruto
used to be back then.
[sigh]
What you need to know now isn't
the current Naruto, but the
Naruto who made it this far.
So, my Dad...
Can you tell me what he would've
done?
I guess that means... it's not
just his weaknesses you're
interested in now...
Well, then, you should just ask
him yourself.
We're saving him.
[gasp] My dad is alive?!
I'm able to sense his chakra. I
can't tell if he's hurt or not,
but at the very least...
he's still alive.
[elated sigh of relief]
(DARUI) If you're gonna go
rescue the Hokage...
[gasp]
...I hope you'll let all of us
pitch in and help, too!
[awed breath]
After all, the Otsutsuki Clan
can't be ignored.
Our sworn friend's been
kidnapped so standing around...
would disgrace the Five Kage's
name.
Let's do it! Let's make those
guys regret that they ever made
us their enemy.
Wow!
What exactly was written in the
scroll?
It contained a warning that
there would be pursuers coming
to this land...
...because Kaguya stopped
supplying chakra to the
Otsutsuki Clan...
She was making preparations to
attack them once they arrived.
That's the gist.
I see... So what they're after
is a massive amount of chakra,
then?
So that's why Eight Tails was
targeted...
Which means the reason the
Hokage was taken was to extract
the Nine Tails from him.
That seems pretty clear to me.
But for them to time their
attack right when they did...
The Chunin Exams are crucial...
and those two ruined them!
I was attacked by the one that
plucks away chakra.
That is a dangerous power. And
so, I won't let you use it.
[chuckle]
[pained groans]
(GARRA) He's able to steal
chakra and jutsu with that
fishhook of his.
If our enemy is the Otsutsuki
Clan...
...then business as usual isn't
gonna work.
Yes, we have to be prepared for
the worst.
We must not let the Divine Tree,
which steals chakra from people,
regenerate ever again.
(SASUKE) The one called Kinshiki
has the ability to make
weapons from stolen chakra.
He attacks with ferocious
power and speed.
The other one is called
Momoshiki.
Fire Style Bullet: Homura!
(SASUKE) He absorbs his foe's
jutsu with the Rinnengan in
his palm...
and he returns it with an even
greater intensity.
Using jutsu against Momoshiki,
is just going to rebound back
against you.
[nervous inhale]
Well, that's troublesome...
We'd better brace ourselves.
This one's gonna be really
tough.
Where is Naruto now?
The scroll revealed the location
where those two can be found.
Naruto is probably there with
them. I've already analyzed it
with my Rinnegan.
Then I guess we'd better get
going!
What are you waiting for,
Boruto?
Uh...!
You actually intend on bringing
him along?
Hey, c'mon! You're joking,
right?!
I agree that would be far too
dangerous.
Absolutely. There's no doubt in
my mind that he should stay
home-
(SASUKE) I'm not joking.
Remember, he is Naruto's son,
after all.
And my pupil.
[gasp]
There's a reason why I'm taking
him.
A reason?
Maybe... I should...
I'm saying it's okay.
Listen carefully, Boruto.
[gasp]
Those guys are dangerous. But
knowing that...
...there's still a reason why
I'm bringing you along.
Huh...?
If enough of us should fall
victim to them. Or in the
worst-case situation...
if we're driven into a corner...
If that time comes, you must
take over. That's why I'm
bringing you.
[gasp] But if someone as strong
as you...
You're actually quite a strong
shinobi.
I may have lost to him...
...but if you put your mind to
it you might be able to surpass
him.
No, I can't!
Yes, you can.
[gasp]
I know, because you're a worse
loser than Naruto ever was.
What are you talking about? A
loser?!
(SASUKE) I just mean you hate to
lose.
Uh...!
I know that you can do it.
Trust your teacher.
[gasp and sigh] Okay, then! I'll
go!
No. Hold on a second. There's
still something that's missing.
But... isn't this...?
You know, I threw that headband
away once.
...But your father.... He kept
it safe for me.
We made a promise a while
back...
That I'd hold onto it till the
day we could have a real fight.
I'm giving it to you.
[grunt]
Okay, then. If he has your
authorization...
I guess we have no choice but to
take him along, Sasuke.
Mhm!
Hm!
Alright, let's go!
Dad, please...
...take me, too!
Sarada... Once I go, you'll be
the only one here with the
Sharingan.
Stay with Kakashi and Shikamaru.
Protect the village.
I got it. But be careful, okay,
dad? And you'd better come back
soon!
That's the plan.
Leave everything here to us.
Just focus on bringing Naruto
back home safely.
[groan]
Shikadai... Listen...
I get it. You've got something
that you need to do right now.
Uh...!
Explanations are a drag. Just
get it done, alright?
I'll listen to what you have to
say when you get back.
Uh...!
[chuckle] Okay!
We'll use this to get to them.
(HINATA) Boruto!
(HIMAWARI) Big Brother!
Hm?
(BORUTO) Mom...!
[pained breath]
Boruto...!
[gasp]
Naruto... No way...
I'm gonna go now.
You take care of your dad. He's
in your hands, Boruto.
Got it!
Now you're finally acting like a
shinobi. Let's go!
Sarada, Shikadai, take care of
everyone!
Just hang on, Dad...
I'm coming for ya!
(NARUTO) You see... we ninja...
...don't like to make things
easy, ya know?
(MOMOSHIKI) You ninja are merely
fodder. Stop resisting! Just let
us extract your chakra!
(NARUTO) There's no way that's
gonna happen.
I plan on wrapping this up
quickly so I can hurry back
to him...
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Rescuing Naruto!"
(NARUTO) ...after I defeat you,
that is!